# Content for Austin Blockchain Technology Meetup 4

## Update on Hyperledger 

1. Hyperledger...
https://github.com/hyperledger

2. Fabric Java SDK Project Proposal
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dP3zUInx7fSr8X1iDOs4R5gFaoixiXeLF5LYeL48_M8/pub

3. Hyperledger Fabric Java Examples
https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/tree/master/examples/chaincode/java


## Chaincode PoC Applications

1. Catastrophe bond - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catastrophe_bond

2. Catastrophe Bond Proof Of Concept
https://github.com/olegabu/catbond

3. Decentralized Clearing Network
https://github.com/olegabu/decentralized-clearing-network/blob/master/doc/decentralized-clearing-network-spec.md

4. Insurance Fronting Proof Of Concept
https://github.com/olegabu/insurance-fronting

5. Decentralized Energy Utility
https://github.com/olegabu/decentralized-energy-utility

## Misc. Links

IBM Blockchain
https://github.com/IBM-Blockchain

Hyperledger Project Archive
https://github.com/hyperledger-archives
Note: select branch v0.5-developer-preview

Hyperledger Documentation
http://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Setting Up a Network
http://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Setup/Network-setup/

Writing, Building, and Running Chaincode in a Development Environment
http://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Setup/Chaincode-setup/

Slack
https://hyperledgerproject.slack.com/messages/fabric-dev/files/F2E8V973Q/

Gerrit
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open

Jira
https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/FAB/issues/FAB-300?filter=allopenissues

Jenkins
https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/view/fabric/

Blockchain Documents
https://github.com/TarantulaTechnology/Documents-Blockchain

Tarantula Technology Fabric v0.5
https://github.com/TarantulaTechnology/fabric

Bluemix Sample apps and tutorials for Blockchain
https://new-console.ng.bluemix.net/docs/services/blockchain/ibmblockchain_tutorials.html

Public Meeting Calendar
https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar

About blockchain
https://github.com/IBM-Bluemix/docs/blob/master/services/blockchain/ibmblockchain_overview.md

Testing consensus and availability
https://github.com/IBM-Bluemix/docs/blob/master/services/blockchain/etn_pbft.md

Protocol Specification
https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/master/docs/protocol-spec.md#fabric

https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/master/docs/images/refarch.png

https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/master/docs/images/top-multi-peer.png

https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/master/docs/images/sec-sec-arch.png

https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/master/docs/images/sec-memserv-components.png


Required Tools

GO
https://golang.org/

Git
https://git-scm.com/downloads

Docker
https://www.docker.com/

Vagrant
https://www.vagrantup.com/

VirtualBox
https://www.virtualbox.org/

Gerrit Introduction
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/Documentation/intro-quick.html

Swagger
http://swagger.io/

Protocol Buffers Docs
https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/

Protocol Buffers on Github
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&ved=0ahUKEwjizOje1aPPAhXCSSYKHR-uC1AQFggeMAA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fgoogle%2Fprotobuf&usg=AFQjCNFXOxj2afKS7iSM3qDfc6MZM6hEAg&sig2=V39l1gLtzpl8r_TenE-kpA

YAML Ain’t Markup Language (YAML™) Version 1.2
http://www.yaml.org/spec/1.2/spec.html

IBM Learn Chaincode
https://github.com/IBM-Blockchain/learn-chaincode

Hyperledger Whitepaper
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z4M_qwILLRehPbVRUsJ3OF8Iir-gqS-ZYe7W-LE9gnE/edit#heading=h.m6iml6hqrnm2

Bitcoin Developer Guide
https://bitcoin.org/en/developer-guide#block-chain

Bitcoin Developer Reference
https://bitcoin.org/en/developer-reference#op-codes

Bitcoin Developer Examples
https://bitcoin.org/en/developer-examples

Build bitcoind on Ubuntu in Docker!
https://github.com/TarantulaTechnology/bitcoind-docker

ethereum
https://github.com/ethereum/

Interledger
https://interledger.org/

List of Blockchain-Fintech Companies Landscape
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KNd5MDEqw0kgemHo6FoPirXopSkrIObvtmN1EDYfOo8/edit#gid=0

Introducing Project "Bletchley"
https://github.com/Azure/azure-blockchain-projects/blob/master/bletchley/bletchley-whitepaper.md

Bluemix - all items
https://new-console.ng.bluemix.net/#all-items

Bluemix - overview
https://new-console.ng.bluemix.net/#overview

Keynote: From Seattle to Blockchain @10:45
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR6GI6h2sc8

Blockchain: Supply Chain Dispute Resolution Killer Solution
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/blockchain-supply-chain-dispute-resolution-killer-solution-morris?trk=mp-author-card

10k Docker Containers on 1 Host--NOT!
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/10k-docker-containers-1-host-not-mark-morris?trk=mp-author-card



